[Music]
you will not go pro with that you guys
keep locked like a man
[Music]
sack up and go talk to her man that
wasn't awkward at all I'm going to a
costume party tonight let's be cops
walking it better not only people
actually think marijuana officer this is
oh that's rip it thank you
[Music]
I'm sorry I had no idea that you were a
cop she likes you man you don't mess
with the ball would you get this thing
baby this is super illegal right this no
no Wow some next-level is what it
is
20 little pricks ask me what I do all
day he's a cop Ron he ain't
six-adam-seven got a code 30 at
different Shawn Washington we could go
to jail for years for this who is
this I will slap a little afro of
your hair their badge numbers don't
match up they're not LAPD charlie feds
ATF maybe a special unit
yeah we're blasters it's up to us to get
this guy this shit's gone way too far
one of us needs to go undercover I look
like someone hit me in the face with
little Wayne where's your name precious
yeah but like when you were bar wooded
you're not your gang name or your
stripper name precious ma'am what is
your name it's precious wasn't pretty
don't even say that's what you get
[Music]